Remove `sentry-expo` note and link new Sentry Expo guide (#9390)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/getting-started-install/react-native.mdx

### Expo

> If you're using Expo, read about [How to Add Sentry to Your Expo Project](/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/expo/). This SDK works for both managed and bare projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Expo, [read our docs](/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/expo/) to learn how to add Sentry to your Expo project. This SDK will work for both managed and bare projects.
```
